Meets Expectations:
    ☐ Only one <form> tag is being used to contain all the form elements.
    ☐ Fieldsets and legends have been added for each of the following sections:
        ☐ "Contact Information" section of the page, and
        ☐ The "Newsletter" section of the page
    ☐ Includes all of the required form fields:
        ☐ text input
        ☐ email input
        ☐ telephone input
        ☐ select menu
        ☐ checkboxes
        ☐ radio buttons
        ☐ textfield
        ☐ submit button
    ☐ Each form field includes the following attributes:
        ☐ input: has id, type and name attributes.
        ☐ select and textarea: includes id and name attributes.
    ☐ Each form field includes a label, including the textarea element, and each label’s for attribute is associated with a unique id on its corresponding form field.
    ☐ Only one radio button can be selected at a time.
    ☐ The input field's placeholder attribute has been used to add the text "required" to:
        ☐ the Full Name field
        ☐ the Email address field
    ☐ The HTML file include the viewport meta tag in the head of each document.
    ☐ A mobile-first approach is utilized using min-width properties for media queries.
    ☐ Appropriate media query is in place to match the screen size for tablet and desktop screens at 768px.
    ☐ Zip code width should be 50% width of the other input fields in mobile view and 25% in tablet view.
    ☐ Roughly matches layout of the mobile and desktop mockups. General spacing and arrangement of the elements matches the design of the mockups for:
        ☐ Mobile
        ☐ Desktop
    ☐ The label text position matches the mockups:
        ☐ Above the form field for mobile.
        ☐ To the left side of the form field for desktop.
        ☐ Project uses Flexbox for layout.
        ☐ Uses a Google Font.
        ☐ Includes focus states for text fields, select menu, and the textarea field.
    ☐ HTML and CSS code passes the validation.
    ☐ HTML and CSS errors are accepted exceptions.

Exceeds Expectations:
    ☐ Placeholder text has been added to all text inputs and the textarea element.
    ☐ Uses the required attribute to add HTML5 Validation for required fields.
    ☐  BOTH of the following additional styling enhancements have been added to the form:
        ☐ Change the background color for at least ONE of the main sections of the site.   
        ☐ Uses CSS transitions for focus states.